what's up everybody this your boy mr.
pound for pound and is definitely going
down this isn't gonna be quick I'm
talking about the fight coming up May
twenty-fifth carl froch vs mikkel
kessler in the rematch this one should
be good it's gonna be at the o2 arena in
greenwich london i don't know if you
guys caught the first fight the first
fight was over there in the mca MCH i
can't even say it but it was in denmark
I can't even say the name of the arena
just too long if you could say it great
but their first fight when they fought
was in Denmark that was a good fight I
saw the fight you know two European
styles you know what I mean stand up
guys just right there you know hi guards
um Mikkel Kessler to me has always been
the better technical guy Carl Froch is
always a strong sturdy dude you know
nice punching power a little wild at
times for me you know my taste
personally but um you know he still gets
the job done in this rematch I expected
to be good i expect fireworks they don't
really like each other um quick quick
prediction I'm not really gonna go too
much into this you know I don't need to
give you a history lesson on the fight
if you guys you got ever you know you
guys got youtube if you guys want to go
watch the first fight watch it on
YouTube but I mean I can recap the
things for you it was a good fight rough
and tumble and Carl Froch landed a lot
of shots on michael kessler and the both
when it went both ways Mikkel Kessler
also landed a lot of combinations and
that's one of the reasons I'm going with
him in this fight I think Mikkel Kessler
is going to he's the better fluid
puncher and I do think he's going to
throw a lot more combinations this fight
again um you know both guys both guys
are coming off similar uh you know types
of careers in recent time Mikkel Kessler
in his last four fights many you know
he'd be beat Carl Froch and Adams
decision he also had a couple t KO and
KO victory since then you know knocking
out Alan Green and brian magee and then
on the frit on the flip side I mean you
got Carl Froch you just had that that
big type of upset I guess you can say
against Lucien bootay
and upset in the way that he did it I
mean nobody works nobody really expected
Lucien bootay to get dominated like that
and then TKO'd and five that was a very
very good performance and then also
against Youssef Mac he looked good too
with the knockout in three so both guys
coming off knockout victories both guys
coming off strings of wins so it's
really just the who do you thinks gonna
win ty pick them fight I personally like
Carl Froch I personally like Mikkel
Kessler i like both fighters you know if
they fight each other I personally don't
want to really want to pick a favorite
or pick whoever I just kind of want to
watch this fight because I know it's
going to be good but for the sake of
prediction video I'm going to go with
Mikkel Kessler I think Mikkel Kessler is
the better technical boxer I think he
has better skills um you know he won in
unanimous decision the first time around
so it's kind of hard to go against in
the second time Carl Froch is pretty
much the same fighter he's gotten better
just as well as Mikkel Kessler has I
just still think making clusters
probably good you know going to have his
number that night unless Carl Froch
lands something to hurt them I think
Mikkel Kessler is going to take the
fight possibly by another unanimous
decision all right you guys go ahead and
get at me with your views and comments
on the fight and I look forward to
hearing you and talking to you have a
good night peace